My name is Kevin Nguyen and I go by he/him. I am from Burke, VA and I am taking ENGL 350 because I need to fulfill the Writing Intensive requirement for CNU. I am currently a junior at the university and I'm majoring in finance and minoring in data science. In my freetime, I love to slackline, watch youtube videos, and hang out with friends. 

Speaking of friends, most of mine I have made are from the Delta Upsilon fraternity. In the beginning, I never thought I would ever join a fraternity. However, after meeting every member and seeing how they're a fun and good group of guys I just had to join. Currently I am VP of Community Affairs but I have also held important chair positions in the past such as IFC Rep and head of Internal Board. 

During the past two summers, I have worked at Target and even though I enjoyed it for the most part I definitely wasn't using any skills I have learned in my business classes. Hopefully this summer, I will be able to snag a finance and/or data science internship so I can get the experience necessary and to beef up my resume. Eventually, the endgame is once I've goten the experience and the money needed, I'm going to move down to Florida where I will eventually stay for a long time. I love being in sunny weather and what better place to live than the sunshine state. 

I will not be attending graduate school because of two reasons. I don't have the money or the dedication for it and to be honest I want to get into the real world and start working as soon as possible. That being said, I do have lots of respect for those who want to continue their education and potentially get a doctorate. 

I want to touch on one of my favorite quotes from none other than Abraham Lincoln. 

" I'm a success today because I had a friend who believed in me and I didn't have the heart to let him down."

I find this quote to be touching and inspirational because there are people in our lives who support and believe in us in the darkest of times. In summary, they expect my best, so I'm going to give it my best.

Hope you enjoyed the blog!


[CNU](https://github.com/kevinnguyen19/About-Me/images/CNU.jpeg)







